Update Infoblox README (#12723)
demisto/content: Packs/Infoblox/Integrations/Infoblox/Infoblox_description.md

## Infoblox Configuration 

### Required Permissions

> The API supports only HTTP Basic Authentication. Every user must have permissions that grant him access to the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API supports only HTTP Basic Authentication. Every user must have permissions that grants them access to the API.
```
